the following review to which I would like
project singer will be absurd wound from
Chinese phone 93 2 zero
This site has a phone very
impressive dimensions
screen diagonal is as much as 5
see 3
Akimov
works
processor based
video library
DK 60
5 77
this one nuclear cheat with hierarchs will have to
however what
performance
n further
I would like to
on the comparative dimensions of this
devices with
dimensions but then five hundred more looks
he
quite impressive
will be back
phone
and as I said
win over it 3
resolution
program on it with respect
now
Adventure
by the way
we are more
we will get rid of the share of the film
a doll to them
viewing angle
corner of the gate a
very great qualities and so early
very good
in particular
let's continue
characteristics
detailed will show you here he
as I already talked permission
is up
Permission Flared Director 500 40 to the XXI century
court 60 percent pixels
n 514 for reasonably adds four
gigabytes of permanent memory
Further
yes we have everything here
beat the compass
now with
bluetooth is purely like
thirty
comparative
characteristics
in this center of the apparatus we are shown
who is 5500 60 parrots is more than that
Tymoshenko’s total debt is afraid but less than
its like sibling samsung galaxy note
that's performance
but that's enough to fight enough
serious games like wins
literally immediately probes
core frequency starts
some kind of training
all schoolchildren
so the barrel
i.e. you forgot about zombies
walk
smooth enough mass skating then
same
we will not wait
not only on your business by
corporate parties
fact move on
camera device
pre-made a few
our Ukraine
maybe even
five megapixel camera though on the lid
written beads
very nice
screen capture monitor
back a bit
but to taste
I would like to pay attention
turning off which is ours on the right and not
on top of
next to the volume rocker
the region
little reform back
surface
mindlessly LEDs as a flash
and move on to the packaging overview
buying something from us
solid enough
completely black
pause
specifications
with paint designs
additional cover
cover on parade
nato article
this time
Nikoyan is safe
and rippled drunkenness here denied
transfer to the site will be
the next thing we have with the inherent
battery in which
stop our attention
two thousand 800 million picters
by the way
included there are others however
specific issues
computer connection
in h
isolation but the church itself
that's all
Thanks for attention